As with any promising architecture,
there has been already some research that peels off
the CycleGAN architeture to create some really interesting results.
So, one limitation of the CycleGAN architecture is that it could only learn one mapping.
So, it will only produce one style output,
given an input image.
There is a way to learn one-to-many mappings and combine
different types of transformations for producing multiple different outputs.
An architecture called Paired CycleGAN,
provides a way to apply multiple styles to a given image.
In this case, we're applying different makeups to the same input portrait,
and there are architectures that can learn mapping between
more than two domains, such as StarGAN.
By providing the architecture such enclose land loss functions
and the tracks of mappings,
the CycleGAN can be applied to a number of applications.
And I hope learning about them has expanded your understanding of GANs,
and gotten you excited about programming your own generative networks.